
Big refactor job: IMPLEMENT CONTEXT API

ON BOTH:

- can open edit modal:
     edit task
     add importance
     add deadline

ON DESKTOP:

once user starts typing in input field, new button "more" pops up: can add urgency and deadline
(not possible on mobile due to default keyboard blocking UI, not worth implementing, better to have
more swift ability to add tasks quickly then edit them later)

Important feature with urgency: exclamation marks scale 1-3 (!, !!, !!!) will be appended with 
special design that breaks the top-border and animates with glow-effect

.Refactor task-appeared (component too tightly coupled! :( ))
.Make task actions messages (filter and auto-emoji) have light animation (glow or something)
.Add sorting functionality (ascending, descending and default) --> based on index as timestamp
. Add clear-all button (deletes all tasks)
. Fix mobile responsiveness (3 dots with small windwow-popup(maybe modal))
. Once user starts typing inside of input field --> make new button popup next to add: "more" where...
    - user can add priority level (exclamation mark-value from 1 to 3 --> icons lighting up functionality)
    - user can add due date (read up on JS-date features)
        if due date is in less than 3 days --> add orange label with due-date warning tag
        if due date is in 1 day -->  add red label with due date in one day
. add progress bar that fills up (percentage of completed tasks)
. Refactor taskList (create seperate components for emojimap + what else?)
. activate emojis button (btw add badge('activate emojies?' or 'deactive emojies') on hover on this option)
. make sure there are no bugs in local storage (annoying async hell with timeout)
. use Context API for modal to avoid tasklist <--> editaskmodal <--> modal prop drilling and lifting state twice?
. improve button animations: don't use scale on all of them(add modern hover effects)
. CHALLENGE: add settings-wheel with modal where user can cutomize todo colors, what more
. Refactor notes:
    - check if two way bindings are implemented correctly (value and onChange)
    - naming convention.. rename everything to somethingHandler from handleSomething
. Fix textarea input for modal window?